feat(fetch): support FormData as multipart parameter (#30489)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-formdata.md

page.request().post("http://localhost/submit", RequestOptions.create().setForm(form));
```

## method: FormData.append
* since: v1.43
- returns: <[FormData]>

Appends a new value onto an existing key inside a FormData object, or adds the key if it
does not already exist. File values can be passed either as `Path` or as `FilePayload`.
Multiple fields with the same name can be added.

> The difference between set() and append() is that if the specified key already exists,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between [`method: FormData.set`] and [`method: FormData.append`] is that if the specified key already exists,
```

Author: These links will not work in js and python.

> set() will overwrite all existing values with the new one, whereas append() will append

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setting will overwrite all existing values with the new one, whereas appending will add
```
